[SNOW-705208] Add link to user guide (#1356)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: README.md

It can be installed using ``pip`` on Linux, Mac OSX, and Windows platforms
where Python 3.7.0 (or higher) is installed.

> User guide in availalbe: [https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/python-connector.html](Snowflake Connector for Python) in the Snowflake documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User guide in available in the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/python-connector.html).
```
